0.11.0 release candidate 1 (#1925)
open-quantum-safe/liboqs: RELEASE.md

- **OQS-BoringSSL**: A prototype integration of liboqs-based authentication and key exchange into TLS 1.3 in our fork of BoringSSL; see https://github.com/open-quantum-safe/boringssl.
- **OQS-OpenSSH**: A prototype integration of liboqs-based authentication and key exchange into Secure Shell (SSH) version 2 in our fork of OpenSSH; see https://github.com/open-quantum-safe/openssh.

Several [demos](https://github.com/open-quantum-safe/oqs-demos) are available for using the above libraries in applications, including Apache, Chromium, curl, haproxy, nginx, and Wireshark.

liboqs can also be used in the following programming languages via language-specific wrappers:

- C++, via https://github.com/open-quantum-safe/liboqs-cpp
- Go, via https://github.com/open-quantum-safe/liboqs-go
- Python 3, via https://github.com/open-quantum-safe/liboqs-python
- Rust, via https://github.com/open-quantum-safe/liboqs-rust

Release notes
=============

This is release candidate 1 of version 0.11.0 of liboqs. It was released on September 13, 2024.

> This release updates ML-KEM implementations to their [final FIPS 203](https://csrc.nist.gov/pubs/fips/203/final) versions (OQS continues to support NIST Round 3 version of Kyber for interoperability purposes). Additionally, this release adds support for MAYO and CROSS digital signature schemes from [NIST Additional Signatures Round 1](https://csrc.nist.gov/Projects/pqc-dig-sig/round-1-additional-signatures) along with stateful hash-based signature schemes [XMSS](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8391) and [LMS](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8554). Finally, this release provides formally verified implementations of Kyber-512 and Kyber-768 from [libjade](https://github.com/formosa-crypto/libjade/releases/tag/release%2F2023.05-2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release updates ML-KEM implementations to their [final FIPS 203](https://csrc.nist.gov/pubs/fips/203/final) versions. This release still includes the NIST Round 3 version of Kyber for interoperability purposes, but we plan to remove Kyber Round 3 after liboqs 0.11. Additionally, this release adds support for MAYO and CROSS digital signature schemes from [NIST Additional Signatures Round 1](https://csrc.nist.gov/Projects/pqc-dig-sig/round-1-additional-signatures) along with stateful hash-based signature schemes [XMSS](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8391) and [LMS](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8554). Finally, this release provides formally verified implementations of Kyber-512 and Kyber-768 from [libjade](https://github.com/formosa-crypto/libjade/releases/tag/release%2F2023.05-2).
```
